---
date: 2023-11-10
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/11/10/multimedia/10daily-kanye-jbmf/10daily-kanye-jbmf-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/11/10/podcasts/the-daily/kanye-adidas.html
prettyDate: Friday, November 10, 2023
---
Oh Adidas, what secrets do you keep?<br>What tales of Kanye lay hidden deep?<br>Megan Twohey's reporting, a trail she did seek,<br>Unraveling the truth, discovering the leaks.<br><br>In the world of fashion, Kanye reigns supreme,<br>His Yeezy empire, a designer's dream.<br>But what did Adidas know, before they teamed?<br>A partnership shrouded in mystery, it would seem.<br><br>Through the corridors of power, the whispers spread,<br>Adidas knew the truth, but kept it unsaid.<br>Megan Twohey's investigation, she boldly tread,<br>Peeling back the layers, the story ahead.<br><br>Oh Adidas, you had knowledge in your hands,<br>What was the truth? What did you understand?<br>The secrets of Kanye, the master of brands,<br>But you kept silent, in your cunning plans.<br><br>Stanza Break<br><br>Behind the scenes, a tangled web was spun,<br>Kanye's inner world, a journey begun.<br>The Daily's team, relentless and shrewd,<br>Unveiling the truth, exposing the mood.<br><br>Rachel Quester, Lynsea Garrison, they lead the way,<br>With Clare Toeniskoetter, Paige Cowett, they sway.<br>A team so strong, they will not sway,<br>In their pursuit of truth, they stand brave.<br><br>Stanza Break<br><br>Oh Adidas, the whispers grew louder each day,<br>As Megan Twohey's reporting came into play.<br>The collaborators' silence, now in disarray,<br>The truth was out, there was no more to say.<br><br>But amidst the chaos, a lesson to learn,<br>The power of journalism, one must discern.<br>The Daily's team, with passion did yearn,<br>To shed light on the darkness, for truth to return.<br><br>So let us thank those who uncover the lies,<br>For their courage and dedication, let's rise.<br>Megan Twohey, her name in bright skies,<br>The truth she revealed, with unwavering eyes.<br><br>Stanza Break<br><br>Oh Adidas, your secrets are no more,<br>The truth is out, knocking on your door.<br>In the world of fashion, scandals galore,<br>But thanks to The Daily, the truth does soar.