---
date: 2023-06-26
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/06/26/multimedia/26daily-russia-coup-image/26the-daily-promo-jmql-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/06/26/podcasts/the-daily/russia-coup-putin.html
prettyDate: Monday, June 26, 2023
---
Rebellion in Russia, fierce and bold,<br>News of unrest, a story to be told.<br>Contributed reporting sheds the light,<br>On a 36-hour battle, a gripping fight.<br><br>Voices rise, amidst the Russian land,<br>Anton Troianovski lends a helping hand.<br>Translations by Anastasia Vorozhtsova,<br>Unveiling the chaos, bringing truth closer.<br><br>The Daily team, working tirelessly,<br>Crafting stories with unwavering ease.<br>Rachel, Lynsea, and Clare leading the way,<br>Paige, Michael, Brad, their minds in the fray.<br><br>Chris, Jessica, Stella, and the rest,<br>Unraveling tales, putting news to the test.<br>Lisa, Eric, Marc, and Luke,<br>Guiding the ship, navigating the fluke.<br><br>A poem to honor this magnanimous crew,<br>Asthaa, Corey, Elizabeth, and too,<br>All hands on deck, united as one,<br>To present the news, their work never done.<br><br>The rebellion rages, stories unfold,<br>Dave, Sydney, and Robert, ever bold.<br>Astute reporters, bringing the scene,<br>To our attention, they intervene.<br><br>With passion and skill, they paint a scene,<br>Maddy, Marion, and Mooj spark a gleam.<br>In the eyes of readers who seek to know,<br>The 36-hour rebellion, the ebb and flow.<br><br>A special thanks to the whole team,<br>For their dedication, a remarkable theme.<br>Music by Jim and Ben sets the mood,<br>Wonderly's magic, our hearts imbued.<br><br>Sam, Paula, and Lisa, the guiding light,<br>Larissa, Wendy, Julia, shining bright.<br>Isabella, Desiree, and Renan too,<br>Together they make the news debut.<br><br>The rebellion in Russia, a tale so grand,<br>Nell, Jeffrey, Elizabeth lend a helping hand.<br>Maddy, Carlos, and John, they unite,<br>Nina, Will, and Sofia, their readers' delight.<br><br>Ben, Susan, Lexie, and Mary,<br>Alex, Dan, Sophia, oh so merry.<br>Shannon, Diane, Devon fill the scene,<br>With stories woven, the news pristine.<br><br>Oh, Rebellion in Russia, a tumultuous stage,<br>The Daily team takes center page.<br>Their tireless efforts, a beacon of light,<br>Guiding us through the chaos, day and night.