---
date: 2023-05-16
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/05/16/multimedia/16daily-42-end-image/16daily-fclh-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/05/16/podcasts/the-daily/title-42-border.html
prettyDate: Tuesday, May 16, 2023
---
Oh, what a grand day it is to recall,<br>The end of a rule that held us in thrall.<br>Title 42, its grip now released,<br>Freedom restored, our worries deceased.<br><br>No longer bound by its iron embrace,<br>We breathe a sigh, welcomed by open space.<br>Natalie Kitroeff, with reporting so fine,<br>Guided us through its intricate design.<br><br>Rachel Quester, Lynsea Garrison so wise,<br>Clare Toeniskoetter, Paige Cowett, reached the skies.<br>Michael Simon Johnson, Brad Fisher's team,<br>Chris Wood, Jessica Cheung, part of the dream.<br><br>Stella, Alexandra, Lisa, and Eric,<br>A group united, their talents so slick.<br>Marc Georges, Luke Vander Ploeg so grand,<br>M.J. Davis Lin led a knowledgeable band.<br><br>Dan Powell, Dave Shaw, and Sydney Harper too,<br>Robert Jimison and Mike Benoist, they knew.<br>Liz O. Baylen, Asthaa, and Rachelle,<br>A team that made history, they can tell.<br><br>Diana Nguyen, Corey Schreppel so bright,<br>Marion Lozano, Anita's insight.<br>Rob Szypko and Elisheba at bay,<br>Chelsea, Mooj, and Patricia, we say.<br><br>Rowan Niemisto, Jody, and Rikki's grace,<br>John Ketchum, Nina, they all found their place.<br>Will Reid, Carlos, and Sofia's sweet riddle,<br>Ben Calhoun, Susan, Lexie in the middle.<br><br>Mary Wilson, Alex, Sophia so bold,<br>Dan Farrell, Shannon, Diane, stories told.<br>Devon Taylor, a poet's mind so keen,<br>Together they wove a magical scene.<br><br>Jim Brunberg, Ben Landsverk, the music they bring,<br>Wonderly's melody, our spirits they sing.<br>Sam Dolnick, Paula, and Lisa so true,<br>Larissa, Wendy, Julia, we thank you too.<br><br>Isabella, Desiree, Renan so strong,<br>Nell, Jeffrey, Elizabeth, a vibrant throng.<br>Maddy Masiello, Mahima so dear,<br>Nina Gallogly, our gratitude clear.<br><br>Their theme will guide us through memories past,<br>As we celebrate freedom that will forever last.<br>The day Title 42 ended, we rejoice,<br>And lift our voices, singing with one voice.