---
date: 2023-03-07
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/03/08/multimedia/030823ambriefing-asia-promo/08ambriefing-asia-china1-gwmc-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/03/07/briefing/xi-china-us-suppression-asia.html
prettyDate: Tuesday, March 7, 2023
---
In a land of zucchini and puff pastry,<br>A tart was made, so easy to see.<br>But amidst this culinary delight,<br>Xi accused the U.S. with all his might.<br><br>Suppression, he claimed, was their evil game,<br>A mighty accusation without any shame.<br>But let's not dwell on political schemes,<br>Instead, let's dive into sweeter dreams.<br><br>In "The Curator," a tale of fantasy,<br>A woman seeks answers, a quest so dainty.<br>Her brother's death, a mystery untold,<br>Searching through history, she'll be bold.<br><br>But while she seeks truth in times long past,<br>Let's explore the world of health and sleep, so vast.<br>Can cannabis lull us into peaceful rest?<br>Or is it just a fleeting, hazy jest?<br><br>Romance blooms in the oddest of places,<br>Even with a podcast bro, no dull embraces.<br>Would you dare to date this curious breed?<br>Or leave them to their microphone's need?<br><br>Now it's time to indulge in a little play,<br>Solving crosswords, clues to brighten our day.<br>Foreboding sign, a puzzle to engage,<br>Four letters to decipher, turning the page.<br><br>Wordle and Spelling Bee, challenges await,<br>Puzzles to solve, minds navigate.<br>For in riddles and words, we find delight,<br>A mental workout to keep things bright.<br><br>And as our briefing comes to an end,<br>Amelia bids farewell, like a faithful friend.<br>But fret not, dear reader, more news to come,<br>From tales of Libya to Ukraine, the beat goes on.<br><br>So let's savor the tart and embrace the day,<br>In this ever-changing, perplexing array.<br>The news may be heavy, but with poetry's flair,<br>We'll find solace and joy, in words we share.