---
date: 2023-12-19
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/12/19/multimedia/19dc-oconnor-jvbz/19dc-oconnor-jvbz-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/19/us/politics/sandra-day-oconnor-memorial.html
prettyDate: Tuesday, December 19, 2023
---
In the hallowed halls of Justice's domain,<br>A solemn tribute to a life well lived,<br>Sandra Day O'Connor, we now mourn your name,<br>A jurist who history will always forgive.<br><br>In the Great Hall, her body was laid to rest,<br>Former clerks keeping watch, a final vigil,<br>Respected justices, all at their best,<br>Gathered in reverence as memories swirled.<br><br>Sotomayor spoke of collegiality,<br>A unity fostered by O'Connor's grace,<br>Four sisters now serve, a remarkable reality,<br>Her legacy of equality we embrace.<br><br>Jane Fahey, a clerk from days now old,<br>Remembers the cowgirl grit and sense of duty,<br>A testament to a spirit pure and bold,<br>Her energy forever a force of beauty.<br><br>Vice President Kamala Harris pays her respects,<br>With Doug Emhoff by her side, a show of honor,<br>A symbolic gesture, a tribute that connects,<br>To a daughter of Arizona, proud and loyal.<br><br>On Lazy B, where cattle roamed the land,<br>A wild west childhood, full of tales untold,<br>From rancher's daughter to a jurist grand,<br>A life lived with grit, a story to behold.<br><br>So let us gather in this solemn hour,<br>To honor Justice O'Connor's life's endeavor,<br>Her memory an eternal flower,<br>A beacon of justice that will burn forever.<br><br>In the National Cathedral, her spirit soars,<br>A final resting place for a legend of her time,<br>Sandra Day O'Connor, forevermore,<br>Your legacy in our hearts, a radiant rhyme.