---
date: 2023-09-29
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/09/29/multimedia/29ambriefing-europe-nl-ukraine-fbkw/29ambriefing-europe-nl-ukraine-fbkw-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/09/29/briefing/ukraine-shooting-rotterdam.html
prettyDate: Friday, September 29, 2023
---
Friday's Briefing, a daily delight,<br>A dose of news, from dawn till night.<br>From no-knead bread to a musical array,<br>Here's what happened on this fine day.<br><br>In the kitchen, dough to be made,<br>No-knead bread, a culinary crusade,<br>Mix and wait, let yeast bloom,<br>Soon a masterpiece shall loom.<br><br>In theaters, "Flora and Son,"<br>A musical journey, a rousing fun,<br>Irish humor, family strife,<br>A mother's love, the heart of life.<br><br>Lace up your shoes, get ready to run,<br>Start with short distances, get it done.<br>Feel the sweat drip, the heart race,<br>Challenge yourself, pick up the pace.<br><br>Chicago beckons, a city so grand,<br>Spend 36 hours, explore the land.<br>From deep-dish pizza to art so grand,<br>A vibrant pulse, in every street it's fanned.<br><br>Spelling Bee, a battle of words,<br>Sharp minds clash, like flying birds.<br>Spellbound audience, nerves on the rise,<br>Letter by letter, intellect never dies.<br><br>Mini Crossword and Wordle, mind games galore,<br>Puzzling challenges, you can't ignore.<br>Tease your brain, solve the clues,<br>Whizzing through, there's nothing to lose.<br><br>So, as the briefing comes to an end,<br>Thanks for joining, my cherished friend.<br>And meet the new chief, Natasha's her name,<br>For news and puzzles, she's your flame.<br><br>In this glimpse of world affairs,<br>Friday's briefing, beyond compare.<br>A tapestry woven, stories so vast,<br>A brief escape from life, made to last.