---
date: 2023-08-22
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/08/22/multimedia/22greece-fire-01-kmjf/22greece-fire-01-kmjf-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/08/22/world/europe/greece-wildfires-dead-bodies.html
prettyDate: Tuesday, August 22, 2023
---
In Greek flames, a tragedy unfolds,<br>18 lives lost, their stories untold.<br>The wildfire rages, a merciless dance,<br>Leaving behind a devastating aftermath.<br><br>Among the victims, whispers of migration,<br>Faces unknown, lost in desperation.<br>In a land engulfed by the fiery blaze,<br>They found themselves caught in its deadly haze.<br><br>The flames consumed with a voracious might,<br>Day and night merging in a fiery fight.<br>The firefighters battled with heart and soul,<br>Seeking to quell the blaze, to regain control.<br><br>In Kythnos and Evia, the islands ablaze,<br>In Rodopi and Fyli, the fires' haze.<br>A convoy of military, urgent and fast,<br>To northern Greece, a race against time's grasp.<br><br>The European Union, a helping hand extended,<br>Pooling resources, unity unfended.<br>Firefighters from nations near and far,<br>Bringing aid, healing the scorching scars.<br><br>Croatia, Germany, Sweden in the sky,<br>Their airplanes swoop down, bravely they fly.<br>A Black Hawk helicopter, a symbol of hope,<br>Navigating the smoke-filled abyss, they cope.<br><br>The Czech Republic lends its water tanks,<br>A baptism of relief, their gift, their thanks.<br>And from Sweden, two water-scooping planes,<br>Efforts combined, like a soothing summer rain.<br><br>In the midst of the chaos, more lives lost,<br>A shepherd's charred body, a chilling cost.<br>And in Lefkimmi, near Alexandroupolis' reign,<br>The remains of a migrant, a poignant pain.<br><br>The flames reveal the fragile thread we hold,<br>For in tragedy, humanity unfolds.<br>Let us remember those lost in the fire's wrath,<br>Absorbing the lessons from our fiery path.<br><br>Let us stand united, hand in hand,<br>Rebuilding what's lost, a united band.<br>For in the face of hardship, together we will rise,<br>With strength in our hearts, and love in our eyes.