---
date: 2023-05-22
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/05/22/multimedia/22goldberg-new-college-short-hgwj/22goldberg-new-college-short-hgwj-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/05/22/opinion/ron-desantis-new-college.html
prettyDate: Monday, May 22, 2023
---
Oh, gather 'round, dear souls, for I have a tale to tell,<br>Of a college progressive, where a takeover befell.<br>Ron DeSantis, a man with a cunning political mind,<br>Sought to infiltrate this institution and unwind.<br><br>In the hallowed halls, where liberal thoughts were nurtured,<br>DeSantis crept in, his intentions still obscured.<br>The Times did publish, urging diverse opinions to share,<br>But what they didn't foresee was the incoming affair.<br><br>Letters flooded in, opinions of all kind,<br>But DeSantis's presence, oh, it left them all blind.<br>With every click and like on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram,<br>His influence grew, his agenda a noisy slam.<br><br>Audio pieces, produced by Wyatt Orme,<br>Played a tune echoing DeSantis's reform.<br>Stephanie and Annie-Rose, they tried to edit,<br>But the whispers of DeSantis, oh, they spread and persist.<br><br>Mixing and music, Pat, Isaac, and Carole sang,<br>Their melodies intertwined with DeSantis's wicked bang.<br>Fact-checking by Mary Marge couldn't save the day,<br>For DeSantis's words, they had already taken sway.<br><br>Who knew a college, once so progressive and free,<br>Could be turned into a platform for DeSantis's spree.<br>The Times offered thanks to Shannon and Kristina too,<br>But their efforts drowned in DeSantis's potent brew.<br><br>Oh, how the takeover began to take hold,<br>As DeSantis's influence seeped in, bold and cold.<br>The college transformed, its spirit stripped and sapped,<br>By a political mind that left it all trapped.<br><br>So, let us remember, dear souls, this cautionary tale,<br>Of how a progressive college could easily derail.<br>For even in the realm of academia's sacred walls,<br>Politics can creep in, and its destruction enthralls.