---
date: 2023-03-12
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/03/13/multimedia/031323ambriefing-asia-promo/031323ambriefing-asia-promo-facebookJumbo-v2.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/03/12/briefing/china-saudi-iran-deal.html
prettyDate: Sunday, March 12, 2023
---
Oh, Monday comes, a brief note to unfold<br>Of China’s ties with Saudi-Iran, behold!<br>A deal is struck, a pact is signed with grace,<br>A diplomatic dance upon world's stage.<br><br>But wait! There's more, a vegetarian fare,<br>A shawarma twist, let's all be aware!<br>Instead of lamb or chicken, cauliflower gleams,<br>A meatless option, fulfilling our dreams.<br><br>And in the realm of film, a tale is told,<br>Of "Stonewalling," where struggles unfold.<br>A Chinese woman, grappling with all<br>Pregnancy, work, pandemic's cruel call.<br><br>Now, let us listen to new tunes that play,<br>On weekly playlist, let us not delay.<br>For melodies can soothe our weary souls,<br>In times of chaos, they can make us whole.<br><br>Fear not the gym, where intimidation grows,<br>It's time to conquer, let your doubt be froze.<br>Exercise, dear readers, let's embrace,<br>And find the strength to triumph in that space.<br><br>Ah, the news quiz, a test for us to take,<br>To challenge knowledge, our minds awake.<br>Last week's headlines, how well did we know?<br>Let's give it a shot, let's put on a show.<br><br>And now, a crossword, a puzzle to seek,<br>With clues that tease, our curiosity peak.<br>Public uprisings, in just five letters bold,<br>Unveil the word, let our minds unfold.<br><br>Wordle and Spelling Bee, more games to explore,<br>To challenge our vocabularies, evermore.<br>For those seeking riddles, they shall not cease,<br>Enchanting wordplay, a linguistic feast.<br><br>As we conclude this Monday briefing bright,<br>With thoughts and suggestions, we take our flight.<br>Share your feedback, let our minds align,<br>Together we shall navigate this time.<br><br>So, let us start our week with narratives grand,<br>Of Hollywood's fixer in a distant land.<br>Dive into tales of Germany's military might,<br>Or explore protests in Israel's recent fight.<br><br>For Mondays may be brief, but in their wake,<br>They offer glimpses of the world's vast lake.<br>So, embrace the news and all its delights,<br>As we journey through these ever-changing nights.