---
date: 2023-05-05
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/05/05/multimedia/05daily-writers-strike-image/05DAILY-strike-audio-app-qwmc-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/05/05/podcasts/the-daily/tv-wga-writers-strike.html
prettyDate: Friday, May 5, 2023
---
Streaming has caused a plight,<br>Hollywood writers lose their light.<br>No longer bound to the networks,<br>Their creativity lurks.<br><br>John Koblin shared the sad news,<br>Streaming platforms their work abuse.<br>Rachel, Lynsea, Clare, Paige,<br>Their livelihoods face a stage.<br><br>With reports from Michael and Brad,<br>Streaming's impact makes them sad.<br>Chris, Jessica, Stella, and Alex,<br>Depict the writers' complex.<br><br>Lisa, Eric, Marc, and Luke,<br>Their stories are more than a fluke.<br>MJ, Dan, Dave, and Sydney,<br>Highlight the writers' misery.<br><br>Robert, Liz, Asthaa, Rachelle,<br>Streaming's toll is hard to quell.<br>Diana, Marion, Corey, Anita,<br>The writers' sorrow is not a secret.<br><br>As the list goes on and on,<br>Streaming's reign is not a con.<br>Elisheba, Chelsea, and Mooj,<br>The writers' voices they pursue.<br><br>Patricia, Rowan, and Jody,<br>The struggles of writers, oh soody.<br>Rikki, John, Nina, and Will,<br>Streaming platforms cause a chill.<br><br>Carlos, Sofia, Ben, and Susan,<br>Streaming's effects cannot be undone.<br>Lexie, Mary, Alex, and Dan,<br>The writers' plight, we understand.<br><br>Shannon, Diane, Devon, and Sophia,<br>Streaming's impact becomes loathsome.<br>Wendy, Julia, Larissa, Paula,<br>They shed light on a serious drama.<br><br>Isabella, Desiree, Mahima, and Renan,<br>They amplify the writers' pain.<br>Jeffrey, Nell, Elizabeth, and Maddy,<br>They stand with writers, strong and steady.<br><br>Streaming, a double-edged sword,<br>Writing talent left ignored.<br>But together we'll stand, we'll fight,<br>To protect the writers' rightful light.<br><br>So let us raise our pens up high,<br>And sing the writers' battle cry.<br>Let streaming platforms take a heed,<br>It is the writers who they need.