---
date: 2023-07-23
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/07/18/multimedia/18israel-artists-01-twqf/18israel-artists-01-twqf-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/07/22/world/middleeast/arab-loss-art-kibbutz-israel.html
prettyDate: Sunday, July 23, 2023
---
In a land divided, fraught with strife and pain,<br>A tale of loss and hope does now unfold.<br>A story of a family’s gentle strain,<br>Where Arab roots and Jewish hearts take hold.<br><br>At just sixteen, a girl named Mariam,<br>Gave birth to Walid, a boy so full of life.<br>But war soon came, a turbulent program,<br>Forcing them to flee, to leave their home in strife.<br><br>Umm al-Fahem, where they sought refuge then,<br>A village, now a city in its wake.<br>The hills surrounding it, a humble den,<br>Where history and culture interlace.<br><br>With dreams untamed, young Walid took his stand,<br>Left school at sixteen to find his own way.<br>A bakery, a tax clerk’s job at hand,<br>The path of art was not yet in array.<br><br>But fate stepped in, a chance encounter near,<br>A Jewish family recognized his skill.<br>They urged him to pursue his art, to steer<br>His talents towards a future, bright and still.<br><br>Enrolled in classes, art his heart’s desire,<br>Walid painted landscapes, etched his soul’s voice.<br>Inspired by his mother’s Sufi fire,<br>He created beauty, made hearts rejoice.<br><br>In twenty-nineteen, his spirit took flight,<br>Leaving behind a legacy so grand.<br>His family, inspired by his own light,<br>Embraced their own talents, took brush in hand.<br><br>Said, his younger brother, chose a different path,<br>Video art became his chosen creed.<br>A collaboration, a shared aftermath,<br>With his dear mother’s memories, he’d weave.<br><br>And so, their art now stands as testament,<br>In Ein Harod, a retrospective grand.<br>A testament to loss, but hope unbent,<br>Where Arab and Jew find peace, hand in hand.<br><br>In this kibbutz, their story comes alive,<br>A tale of love, of tragedy turned bright.<br>Through art, they find a way to bridge divide,<br>To honor heritage, to shine their light.