---
date: 2023-12-05
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/12/05/podcasts/05daily-young-thug-2/05daily-young-thug-2-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/12/05/podcasts/the-daily/the-blurry-line-between-rap-star-and-crime-boss.html
prettyDate: Tuesday, December 5, 2023
---
In a world where music meets the streets,<br>Where rap stars emerge from gritty beats,<br>There lies a blurry line, unseen, untold,<br>Between fame and infamy, a tale unfolds.<br><br>Joe Coscarelli takes us on a thrilling ride,<br>Investigating the lives they try to hide,<br>A crime boss in the shadows, a rapper on stage,<br>Their paths intertwined, like a darkened cage.<br><br>The Daily's team, a collective so vast,<br>Unearthing the truth, the present and past,<br>Rachel, Lynsea, and Clare lead the way,<br>Paige, Michael, Brad, and Chris join the fray.<br><br>With each name on the list, the story deepens,<br>A symphony of voices, their insights leapens,<br>Jessica, Stella, Alexandra, and Lisa,<br>Their collaboration, a harmonious vista.<br><br>As Eric, Marc, and Luke add their might,<br>M.J., Dan, and Sydney shine their light,<br>Mike, Liz, Asthaa, Rachelle, and Diana,<br>A chorus of knowledge, a wealth of fauna.<br><br>In the midst of this maze, a tale of duality,<br>Of rap stars turned crime bosses, a harsh reality,<br>Marion, Corey, Rob, and Elisheba chime,<br>With Mooj, Patricia, Rowan, and Jody in rhyme.<br><br>Lost in the shadows, the singers they become,<br>With Rikki, John, Nina, and Will strum,<br>Carlos, Ben, Susan, and Lexie play their part,<br>A melody of truths, a work of art.<br><br>Mary, Alex, Dan, and Sophia take the stage,<br>Shannon, Diane, Devon, and Alyssa engage,<br>As Summer, Olivia, Daniel, and Brendan dance,<br>Their collaboration, a poetic chance.<br><br>With Jim and Ben's music, the backdrop shines,<br>Wonderly's magic, as the story unwinds,<br>A special thanks to all who lent their voices,<br>To Sam, Paula, and Lisa, who made the choices.<br><br>Larissa, Julia, and Sofia, with care,<br>Mahima, Elizabeth, Jeffrey, and Renan are there,<br>Maddy, Isabella, and Nina join the parade,<br>A chorus of gratitude, a serenade.<br><br>Let us heed the call and embrace the tale,<br>Of the blurry line between fame and regale,<br>For in the world of rap stars and crime bosses,<br>The truth lies hidden, awaiting its losses.