---
date: 2023-10-10
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/09/28/multimedia/10daily-scotus/00dc-scotus-review-01-lpvc-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/10/10/podcasts/the-daily/supreme-court-conservative.html
prettyDate: Tuesday, October 10, 2023
---
The New Supreme Court Cases to Watch<br><br>Oh, the lofty halls of justice fair,<br>Where robes of black cascade with solemn air,<br>The Supreme Court, where laws are weighed,<br>Decisions made that shape the nation’s fate.<br><br>In this realm of legal minds profound,<br>Cases arrive, like whispers going round,<br>The watchful eyes of all await,<br>To see the justice unveiled, their destinies sate.<br><br>First, there is the tale of electronic eyes,<br>That spy upon our streets, a weighty guise,<br>To question privacy in this digital age,<br>A battle rages, with liberty at center stage.<br><br>And there, too, is the question of faith,<br>When it collides with civil rights, a fateful wraith,<br>A baker’s right to serve or withhold,<br>Conflicting values and beliefs unfold.<br><br>It seems the court can’t ever quite agree,<br>On what defines the boundaries of liberty,<br>From presidential powers to voting rights,<br>Hot debates ignite, lasting through the night.<br><br>As these cases dance with legal might,<br>The scales of justice tremble with each fight,<br>And the nation holds its breath, with bated glee,<br>For the verdicts that will shape our destiny.<br><br>Oh, Supreme Court, the people’s guide,<br>In you, our hopes and fears reside,<br>With every case that reaches your door,<br>The winds of change blow stronger than before.<br><br>So let the arguments commence anew,<br>Within these walls, where justice is pursued,<br>For in your hands, the nation’s future lies,<br>May you find wisdom, and truth, as time flies.