---
date: 2023-08-31
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/08/31/opinion/31moo-ukraine-russia-art/31moo-ukraine-russia-art-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/08/31/opinion/american-interest-putin-war-ukraine-prigozhin.html
prettyDate: Thursday, August 31, 2023
---
Oh, hear ye now the tale of Putin's might,<br>A man of power, shrouded in dark night.<br>With every move, the world holds its breath,<br>Should we negotiate, invite his stealth?<br><br>Opinions clash like swords in fierce debate,<br>Should we engage, or should we hesitate?<br>The question lingers in the hallowed halls,<br>As nations ponder while the fear enthralls.<br><br>To negotiate with Putin, some will say,<br>Is folly, for his tricks are on display.<br>A master strategist, he's known to be,<br>A wolf in sheep's clothing, full of esprit.<br><br>But others argue, let diplomacy reign,<br>For through dialogue, peace we may attain.<br>To find common ground, a glimmer of hope,<br>To bridge the divide and help us cope.<br><br>Yet caution flags are raised, concern abounds,<br>Will these negotiations bring solid grounds?<br>Or will we fall into his cunning trap,<br>A tug of war, in power's icy lap?<br><br>The matter of opinion, it does resound,<br>In every chat and email, all around.<br>The pundits ponder in their ivory tower,<br>As media threads retweet and devour.<br><br>But amidst the chaos, one truth remains,<br>The need for unity, for common gains.<br>To put aside our biases and pride,<br>And work together, side by side.<br><br>So, let us contemplate this question deep,<br>To negotiate or not, a choice to keep.<br>For in this world of power and divide,<br>Finding a path to peace should always ride.<br><br>Oh, hear ye now the tale of Putin's might,<br>A question burning, seeking insight.<br>May wisdom guide us in this grand affair,<br>To negotiate, or leave it to the air.