---
date: 2023-04-04
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/03/17/opinion/opdoc-obon-alt/opdoc-obon-alt-facebookJumbo-v3.jpg?video-overlay?video-overlay
url: https://www.nytimes.com/video/opinion/100000008818109/obon.html
prettyDate: Tuesday, April 4, 2023
---
In the realm of Op-Docs, a tapestry unfolds,<br>Where filmmakers delve deep, stories yet untold.<br>From emerging talents to Oscar's golden gown,<br>Nonfiction visions from lands far and around.<br><br>Obon dances in flickers, a mesmerizing sight,<br>A celebration of spirits, shadows take flight.<br>A dance of remembrance, a poignant refrain,<br>Wisps of memories, intertwined with pain.<br><br>The Army We Had, a glimpse into the past,<br>Soldiers' names etched on a memorial vast.<br>A tale of camaraderie, of battles fought and won,<br>A testament to bravery, as each day was done.<br><br>In Stay With Me, the World Is a Devastating Place,<br>A tender plea, a fragile heart's embrace.<br>Amidst the chaos, love's solace shines bright,<br>A balm for wounded souls, in darkest of night.<br><br>The Missing Parts, a puzzle yet to be solved,<br>Searching for answers, questions enveloped.<br>The fragments of truth, scattered in the haze,<br>Relentless pursuit to unravel life's maze.<br><br>The Ambassador's Wife, a tale of intrigue,<br>A clandestine affair, secrets that intrigue.<br>Behind the curtains, diplomacy and spies,<br>Intricate machinations, hidden truths arise.<br><br>Victoria reigns, a future monarch's rise,<br>Royal lineage, destiny written in the skies.<br>A portrait of power, strength without end,<br>A queen's journey, as her story transcends.<br><br>In the Blue Room, secrets whispered in the dark,<br>In clandestine meetings, echoes leave a mark.<br>Corridors of power, where shadows sway,<br>As hidden agendas come out to play.<br><br>My Duduś, a shared bond, a man and his friend,<br>An inseparable pair, a bond that won't bend.<br>Through laughter and tears, a love that's true,<br>A dog's loyalty, forever shining through.<br><br>Happiness Is £4 Million, a fleeting dream in hand,<br>To win the jackpot, fortune's golden strand.<br>But riches can't buy contentment or peace,<br>A lesson learned, as ambition's grip does cease.<br><br>Party Poster, a vibrant canvas of desires,<br>Colors blending, igniting hearts' fires.<br>A celebration of life, in each joyful stroke,<br>A kaleidoscope of dreams, a dreamer's cloak.<br><br>The Benevolents, champions of empathy and care,<br>In a world fractured, they offer a love affair.<br>A helping hand extended, compassion's embrace,<br>Kindness, the beacon, guiding humanity's grace.<br><br>Op-Docs, a treasure trove of stories untold,<br>Filmmakers' voices, passionate and bold.<br>Through their lens, we witness the world's vast sights,<br>As they usher us into the realm of Op-Docs' delights.