---
date: 2023-11-03
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/11/03/podcasts/03daily-Israel-Palestine-2/03daily-Israel-Palestine-2-facebookJumbo-v2.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/11/03/podcasts/the-daily/israel-palestine-1948.html
prettyDate: Friday, November 3, 2023
---
In '48, we journey back in time,<br>To a year that left its mark sublime.<br>With reporters near and far,<br>They searched for truth, both near and afar.<br>Investigating and fact-checking,<br>They sought to keep the nation reckoning.<br><br>A team of names, longer than a train,<br>Each one playing their part, no refrain.<br>From Shipler to Lee, they lent their pen,<br>Uncovering stories, time and again.<br>With Schmemann, Rudoren, Erlanger too,<br>Their words painted pictures, clear and true.<br><br>In '48, The Daily was born,<br>A podcast team, dedicated and torn.<br>Quester, Garrison, and Toeniskoetter,<br>Cowett, Johnson, and Fisher, the go-getters.<br>Wood, Cheung, Tan, and Young,<br>Their voices together, a chorus sung.<br><br>Chow, Krupke, and Leigh, oh so strong,<br>Georges, Lin, Powell, a storytelling throng.<br>From Harper to Benoist, the team grew,<br>Baylen, Chaturvedi, Bonja, and Nguyen too.<br>Lozano, Schreppel, Szypko, Ittoop,<br>Zadie, Willens, and Niemisto, the scoop.<br><br>From Becker to Novetsky, they strived,<br>To bring the news alive, contrived.<br>Ketchum, Feldman, Reid, and Prieto,<br>Calhoun, Lee, Stern, and Farrell, in the know.<br>Lanman, Lin, Wong, and Taylor,<br>A team so skilled, they never could fail ya.<br><br>With Moxley, Thomad, Natt, and Ramirez,<br>Klinkenberg, Anderson, and Dolnick, inbound whizzes.<br>Szuchman, Tobin, and Simon, alliance strong,<br>Milan, Chablani, Davis-Moorer, where they belong.<br>Miranda, Borelli, Masiello, and Anderson,<br>Lassam and Johnson, joining the bandwagon.<br><br>In '48, the music played sweet,<br>Brunberg and Landsverk, a melodious beat.<br>Wonderly's talent, their theme song divine,<br>Setting the tone for each headline.<br>With Dolnick, Paula, Tobin, and Anderson,<br>Simon, Milan, and Chablani, a news haven.<br><br>So let us remember this remarkable crew,<br>Their dedication and work never askew.<br>In '48, they set the bar high,<br>With their reporting skills, the truth to untie.<br>Through names too many to count or recall,<br>Their voices together, they stood tall.