---
date: 2023-08-16
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/08/14/multimedia/16ambriefing-europe-nl-promo/16ambriefing-europe-nl-trump-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/08/16/briefing/trump-trauma-ukraine-china-economic.html
prettyDate: Wednesday, August 16, 2023
---
Oh, Wednesday, what a rendezvous you are,<br>A medley of delights both near and far.<br>Gingery meatballs with peaches and basil,<br>A tantalizing blend both sweet and sizzle.<br><br>Keep these five things in your car, they say,<br>In case of emergency, come what may.<br>Preparedness is key in times of strife,<br>With these essentials, navigate life.<br><br>Escape with powerful biographies bold,<br>Into worlds of courage never before told.<br>A journey through pages brings new insight,<br>An adventure shared, day or night.<br><br>Curate your movie night with MovieTok,<br>A guide to cinematic gems, a unique stock.<br>From thrillers to love stories, all in one place,<br>Immerse yourself in dreams on the silver chase.<br><br>Now, let us play the Spelling Bee, my friend,<br>A test of words, a challenge to transcend.<br>Find the hidden letters, make them align,<br>Unleash your lexicon, let your words shine.<br><br>Mini Crossword and Wordle beckon too,<br>Puzzles to tease the mind, to amuse and woo.<br>A mental exercise, a playful distraction,<br>A moment to engage in mental action.<br><br>And finally, dear reader, bid adieu,<br>To this briefing, this Wednesday rendezvous.<br>Natasha extends thanks for joining her,<br>A glimpse into a world, insightful and sure.<br><br>In New York City, an immersive ride,<br>The Times's subway experience, a guide.<br>Reach Natasha and her team, their wisdom near,<br>At briefing@nytimes.com, have no fear.<br><br>So, Wednesday, with your myriad affairs,<br>You've shared with us a world of joys and cares.<br>A tapestry of delights, a feast for the mind,<br>Till next time, dear Wednesday, you're one of a kind.