---
date: 2023-07-13
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/07/13/opinion/13moo-social-media-art/13moo-social-media-art-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2023/07/13/opinion/social-media-cesspool-twitter-and-threads.html
prettyDate: Thursday, July 13, 2023
---
In the realm of social media we dwell,<br>A virtual space where stories we tell.<br>Opinions run wild, unfiltered and bold,<br>A cacophony of voices, stories unfold.<br><br>Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and more,<br>Platforms that connect us, but what's the score?<br>A cesspool some claim, where hatred breeds,<br>Where trolls and bullies plant their toxic seeds.<br><br>Thoughts? They ask for, a call to be heard,<br>To email or voicemail, share your word.<br>But beware, your name and voice they'll take,<br>To use and allow others to partake.<br><br>The hosts on Twitter, they do reside,<br>Michelle, Ross, Carlos, Lydia side by side.<br>"Follow us," they beckon, "join the fray,"<br>In this social media circus, come play.<br><br>Listen to "Matter of Opinion," they say,<br>Produced by Sophia, Derek, Phoebe, and May.<br>Stephanie edited, Carole mixed the sound,<br>Original music by Isaac, Efim, Sonia, and Pat renowned.<br><br>The fact-checking team, they do their best,<br>Kate, Mary, and Michelle put queries to rest.<br>Audience strategy by Shannon and Kristina,<br>Guiding the show with skill and by formula.<br><br>But as we ponder this digital stage,<br>We must ask ourselves, is it all the rage?<br>Are we really connected, or just drifting apart,<br>In this social media cesspool, where do we start?<br><br>So, share your opinion, if you dare,<br>In this virtual world, where do you fare?<br>But remember, amidst the noise and commotion,<br>To seek the truth and spark genuine devotion.<br><br>For social media, despite its flaws,<br>Can bring us together, break down the walls.<br>But let us not forget, as we scroll and we scroll,<br>To keep our humanity, body, and soul.