---
date: 2024-01-16
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/01/12/multimedia/00dc-tunnels-01-vmzh/00dc-tunnels-01-vmzh-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/16/us/politics/israel-gaza-tunnels.html
prettyDate: Tuesday, January 16, 2024
---
In the depths of Gaza, a secret lies concealed,<br>A fortress hidden, unbeknownst to those revealed.<br>With a subterranean web, they've crafted their scheme,<br>A labyrinth of tunnels, an architect's dream.<br><br>Beneath the hospital's halls, undetected it lay,<br>Stretching three football fields, cunningly away.<br>A car could be driven by the top Hamas elite,<br>Through these winding paths, hidden and discreet.<br><br>Deep under a commander's house, a staircase did descend,<br>Seven stories below, a tunnel without end.<br>The Israeli military, astonished and amazed,<br>Unearthed their secret lair, with hearts ablaze.<br><br>The tunnels, a major threat that could not be ignored,<br>A subterranean menace that Israel had explored.<br>But even they were surprised by what they did find,<br>The scope and depth of these tunnels, a different kind.<br><br>Videos and photographs, in evidence were shared,<br>To show the world the scale of what they had prepared.<br>Machinery, unfamiliar, used to construct their keep,<br>Hamas had built a network, hidden and deep.<br><br>Now, the Israeli military believes there's even more,<br>A vast underground network, unseen before.<br>From an estimated 250 miles, it has grown,<br>To 350 or even 450, a secret they've sown.<br><br>In a territory, just 25 miles long at its best,<br>Thousands of shafts lead down, put to the test.<br>A challenge for Israel, to defend and to strategize,<br>As Hamas's tunnels continue to mesmerize.<br><br>In the depths of Gaza, secrecy and surprise,<br>A subterranean fortress, hidden from prying eyes.<br>But the truth has been uncovered, the world now aware,<br>Of the tunnels that lay beneath, a silent nightmare.