---
date: 2024-02-09
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/02/08/multimedia/00up-adventure-zhtv/00up-adventure-zhtv-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/09/upshot/parenting-young-adults-relationships.html
prettyDate: Friday, February 9, 2024
---
In the realm of parenting, a shift has occurred,<br>Where involvement persists, not merely assured.<br>No longer confined to childhood's embrace,<br>Parents extend their reach, seeking a place.<br><br>The snowplow labeled, clearing life's path,<br>Clearing obstacles with vigorous wrath.<br>Their efforts deemed harmful, a misguided route,<br>But a nuanced tale, these surveys dispute.<br><br>From Pew Research Center, insights emerge,<br>Revealing a bond, resilient and surge.<br>Young adults, aged 18 to 34,<br>Find their parents' presence, a comforting shore.<br><br>Texts exchanged in numbers, several a week,<br>Advice bestowed, financial support, not bleak.<br>With healthy relationships, love is proclaimed,<br>Nine in ten parents attest, they're not maimed.<br><br>Eight in ten young adults, content and at peace,<br>With parents closely guiding, a sense of release.<br>Proud and hopeful, the parents proclaim,<br>No worry, no disappointment, in this newfound aim.<br><br>American parenting has evolved its plot,<br>From childhood's threshold, it does not allot.<br>It spans into adulthood, a lifelong tether,<br>A bond unbreakable, connecting them thither.<br><br>So let the critics falter, let them belittle,<br>For what they may perceive as a parental fiddle,<br>In this tapestry of love, woven through time,<br>Parents stand steadfast, an unyielding prime.<br><br>For in the realm of parenting, a shift has occurred,<br>Where involvement persists, not merely assured.<br>And though skeptics may prod, and critics may bemoan,<br>The bond between parents and children has grown.