---
date: 2024-02-11
tags: days
image: https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2024/02/11/ap24038722200662-01f7570efd6c54e09397f32bf0925009dca3140f.jpg
url: https://www.npr.org/2024/02/11/1230652619/jill-biden-wonders-whether-special-counsel-used-sons-death-to-score-political-po
prettyDate: Sunday, February 11, 2024
---
In the land of politics, where battles are fought,<br>A special counsel's words have caused quite a thought.<br>Jill Biden, the First Lady, took to the page,<br>To defend her husband, to ease the outrage.<br><br>She wondered aloud, in her email to all,<br>What the counsel aimed for with his sudden call.<br>"To use our son's death as a political pawn,<br>Is a heartless act, to which I must frown."<br><br>For those who have felt the weight of great loss,<br>It's not measured in years, but the pain that it costs.<br>Beau Biden, their son, forever in their hearts,<br>A brain tumor claimed him, tearing families apart.<br><br>The counsel's report, a hypothetical defense,<br>Claiming Joe Biden's memory was not immense.<br>"Hazy," "faulty," "fuzzy," with "limitations" profound,<br>But for Beau and his death, Joe's thoughts are always found.<br><br>Beau's passing, a reason Joe didn't run,<br>But it served as motivation when 2020 begun.<br>May 30th, a day etched upon Jill's soul,<br>A day that shattered them, and left them not whole.<br><br>But from the shards of pain, purpose was found,<br>To serve the country, to stand on solid ground.<br>And Joe, in his grief, finds strength every day,<br>To lead with compassion, in his own special way.<br><br>The references to Beau in the counsel's report,<br>Sparked anger in Joe, who couldn't be taught.<br>"How dare he raise that?" the president exclaimed,<br>In the face of adversity, Joe stood unashamed.<br><br>While voters may worry about his advancing age,<br>Jill defends her husband, turning the page.<br>Joe, at 81, defies all expectations,<br>With wisdom, empathy, and unparalleled dedication.<br><br>His experience and expertise, an asset indeed,<br>A testament to all that he can achieve.<br>So let not the special counsel's words bring dismay,<br>For Joe Biden continues to lead the way.