---
date: 2024-02-02
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/02/02/multimedia/02dc-diplo-dissent-lkhf/02dc-diplo-dissent-lkhf-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/02/us/politics/protest-letter-israel-gaza.html
prettyDate: Friday, February 2, 2024
---
In letters they unite, over 800 officials strong,<br>Voicing dissent, protesting policies gone wrong.<br>From nations across the Atlantic, a chorus takes flight,<br>Against their governments' support, shining a critical light.<br><br>Civil servants they are, in the United States and Europe,<br>Voices of reason, seeking justice to serve.<br>Their duty to improve, to work for what's right,<br>With a shared belief, their voices to ignite.<br><br>Through internal channels they've raised concerns, they say,<br>Only to be ignored, their pleas swept away.<br>Now together they stand, in unity they speak,<br>Seeking to change direction, to find the answers they seek.<br><br>“Our governments' policies,” the letter discloses,<br>“Weaken moral standing, as the world opposes.<br>Freedom, justice, and human rights we defend,<br>But our governments' actions, these ideals they rend.”<br><br>Risking grave violations, both law and code,<br>War crimes and ethnic cleansing; a dark, heavy load.<br>They refuse to stay silent, while innocents suffer,<br>Using their positions to demand a change in buffer.<br><br>With pens and convictions, their message is clear,<br>A call for justice, for the world to hear.<br>No longer complacent, their voices are raised,<br>For the sake of humanity, against policies unfazed.<br><br>Over 800 officials strong, united in purpose and aim,<br>Working to bring forth change, dismissing any blame.<br>Their letter stands as a testament of their will,<br>To fight for what's right, their duty to fulfill.<br><br>Through their dissent, they hope to inspire,<br>To spark a debate, where truth won't expire.<br>In the face of adversity, their voices ring true,<br>For in unity they find strength, and justice they pursue.