---
date: 2024-02-15
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/02/15/opinion/15mann-image/15mann-image-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/15/opinion/truth-climate-future.html
prettyDate: Thursday, February 15, 2024
---
In a world where truth is scorned and attacked,<br>A climate scientist faced a brutal act.<br>Accused of fraud for his groundbreaking work,<br>The fires of defamation began to lurk.<br><br>Michael Mann, a scholar of our changing Earth,<br>Found himself in the midst of a tempest's birth.<br>As the greenhouse gases continued to rise,<br>He spoke the facts, ardent and wise.<br><br>The climate, warming, began to take its toll,<br>Polar ice melting, a sight to behold.<br>Glaciers retreating, nature's magnificent art,<br>The ocean's chemistry, burdened and tart.<br><br>Yet, in the face of these undeniable truths,<br>Attacks on science rained like ruthless sleuths.<br>His reputation, his livelihood on the line,<br>The battleground of words began to entwine.<br><br>Accused of molestation, a grievous assault,<br>But not of children, instead of data's fault.<br>A comparison vile, filled with deep disdain,<br>Seeking to discredit, to inflict lasting pain.<br><br>The whispers of doubt echoed far and wide,<br>As political agendas began to collide.<br>But Michael Mann stood strong, steadfast in his plight,<br>A beacon of truth, guiding the fight.<br><br>With evidence and reason on his side,<br>He emerged victorious, the truth undenied.<br>The defamation silenced, the accusations thwarted,<br>The strength of his character forever supported.<br><br>For in the face of adversity, he stood tall,<br>Defying the odds, prevailing over all.<br>A climate scientist's triumph, a resounding call,<br>To protect the truth, safeguarding the Earth's thrall.<br><br>So let us remember this tale, this refrain,<br>To respect and trust the knowledge we gain.<br>For the climate is changing, the evidence clear,<br>And the voices of scientists we must hold dear.