---
date: 2024-02-16
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/02/18/realestate/16NewSchool_photo5/16NewSchool_photo5-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/16/realestate/new-school-exclusive-townhouse-west-village.html
prettyDate: Friday, February 16, 2024
---
In Greenwich Village, an elegant abode,<br>A townhouse of old, with stories untold.<br>For four decades, it served the school well,<br>But now it's time for a new story to tell.<br><br>The New School's prestige, a symbol of pride,<br>A residence for leaders who could confide.<br>Now, listed for sale, a price so grand,<br>Twenty million dollars, changing hands.<br><br>Nikki Field and Mara Flash Blum,<br>Listing brokers, singing the salesroom's tune.<br>They announce the news with hearts astir,<br>The Scatturo House is looking for an heir.<br><br>Faculty and students, they made the call,<br>Seeking respite from a budget that falls.<br>Pressure mounting, they know the way,<br>To sell this treasure and find their way.<br><br>Amid the turmoil, a president resides,<br>Donna Shalala, where her heart abides.<br>Former Congress member, with service esteemed,<br>Health and Human Services, she had once deemed.<br><br>Since 1984, when the school bought,<br>This haven of knowledge, a well-wrought plot.<br>Presidents passed through its grand entryway,<br>Leaving their mark as time slipped away.<br><br>Herman and Nina Schneider, authors of lore,<br>Sold their dwelling, its spirits to explore.<br>With mortgage repaid, its worth grew prime,<br>A place where intellect would forever climb.<br><br>And so, this townhouse, steeped in history,<br>Stands now for sale, a new possibility.<br>Greenwich Village awaits new voices to fill,<br>This bricks and mortar, where dreams distill.<br><br>A symbol of progress, of knowledge profound,<br>Its walls may change, but wisdom resounds.<br>Let the closing decide its tax's fate,<br>As a new chapter unfolds, a tale to elate.<br><br>So bid adieu to the Scatturo House,<br>For its time has come, like a restless mouse.<br>But fear not, the New School shall endure,<br>With a new path ahead, its legacy secure.