---
date: 2024-01-19
tags: days
image: https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2024/01/11/image4-76-_wide-6fd401dc990a0e3d2128900a2b44ff0cf065dcb8-s1400-c100.jpeg
url: https://www.npr.org/2024/01/19/1224263851/a-rising-tide-of-infrastructure-funding-floats-new-hope-for-great-lakes-shipping
prettyDate: Friday, January 19, 2024
---
A rising tide of infrastructure funding floats new hope for Great Lakes shipping<br><br>In Chicago's South Side, where barbed wire gleams,<br>A port awaits, alive with vibrant schemes.<br>Iroquois Landing, an industrious hive,<br>Where ships unload, as winter freeze arrives.<br><br>But further down the Calumet River's run,<br>A vast expanse of water sits, near none.<br>Grain silos and rusty ships, remnants old,<br>Where Midwest's bounty once was bought and sold.<br><br>Coal's decline, steel production shifting course,<br>The ports must find new cargoes to endorse.<br>Inland shipping with cargo ships they see,<br>A chance to revitalize the industry.<br><br>Highways are limited, their space confined,<br>To Great Lakes' shores, their eyes are now aligned.<br>Joseph of DePaul nods his sage assent,<br>"Truck drivers scarce, railroads at max extent."<br><br>The Biden administration has decreed,<br>$17 billion for maritime's need.<br>The Illinois port seeks a fresh start,<br>Capital improvements to fund in part.<br><br>But crumbling infrastructure poses threat,<br>Half of the dock wall into the river met.<br>No crane can stand, caution tape marks the space,<br>Dreams of new cargo ships frozen in place.<br><br>Elsewhere, Ports of Cleveland and Monroe reap,<br>Funding for intermodal ports to keep.<br>Containers lifted, products high in worth,<br>Pharmaceuticals and machinery's birth.<br><br>Mustangs from Michigan may find their way,<br>To Europe's shores, where they're sought to display.<br>The Great Lakes ports seek seamless connection,<br>Train to ship, vise versa, with affection.<br><br>Chicago's bottleneck, a massive blockade,<br>A need for ease, congestion must be laid.<br>Underutilized, the port lies in wait,<br>A solution yearns, to cut through the freight.<br><br>Waterborne shipping offers a reprieve,<br>Efficiency and cost, it can achieve.<br>Sea Point Group's analysis avows,<br>Fuel costs decreased by more than forty vows.<br><br>Climate goals await by 2040's reign,<br>Water transport could alleviate strain.<br>Wind turbine components, ships transport well,<br>Hydrogen fuel's promise, only time will tell.<br><br>But environmentalists raise their voice,<br>The Great Lakes' ecosystem faces choice.<br>Invasive species, brought by ships of trade,<br>Threaten the waters, a high price is paid.<br><br>Zebra mussels, a scourge upon the lakes,<br>Damaging plants and infrastructure breaks.<br>Environmental plans are put to test,<br>But still, some concerns leave activists stressed.<br><br>Inland shipping's inefficiency lurks,<br>Frozen locks and canals, labor it quirks.<br>Logistics companies may not find it grand,<br>To navigate the waters, frozen land.<br><br>Yet hope still sings, the Great Lakes can extend,<br>Shipping seasons beyond what's safe to send.<br>Funding for icebreakers, the Coast Guard shares,<br>And Soo Locks expansion, shipping prepares.<br><br>The waterways regain attention's gaze,<br>Jobs and growth in the local economy blaze.<br>With rising tide of funding hope's reborn,<br>Great Lakes shipping sets its sights, reborn.