---
date: 2024-01-01
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/12/22/multimedia/00newhaven-pizza--01-hbmg/00newhaven-pizza--01-hbmg-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/01/nyregion/new-haven-pizza.html
prettyDate: Monday, January 1, 2024
---
In New Haven town where legends thrive,<br>Where pizza joints take center stage,<br>With pies distinct, they come alive,<br>On the national scene, can they engage?<br><br>These pizzas, more than just a snack,<br>A meal that fills with every bite,<br>Not like the New York slices we lack,<br>Nor California's fanciful delight.<br><br>American Neapolitan, they call it so,<br>Chewy, charred, fresh from the flame,<br>With quirky toppings that make them glow,<br>A twist on Naples' traditional fame.<br><br>The culture unique, opinions held high,<br>Connecticut natives, Yale graduates,<br>Debating which pizzeria they'll try,<br>A passionate topic, none can negate.<br><br>Down Wooster Street, the lines unfold,<br>Through Wooster Square, they stretch so long,<br>Locals and tourists, eager and bold,<br>Awaiting their turn, a pizza so strong.<br><br>But change has come, as of late,<br>The city's dish in high demand,<br>Everyone wanting to replicate,<br>The popularity they now understand.<br><br>"I've been promoting New Haven pizza for years,"<br>Said Colin Caplan, unofficial historian,<br>Pushing it into mouths, relieving their fears,<br>Sharing the story, not just a euphorian.<br><br>Can these legendary joints prevail,<br>In a world now filled with the so-called best?<br>Will they keep their authenticity, never frail,<br>And rise above the competition's crest?<br><br>New Haven's pizza, forever renowned,<br>A cultural icon of flavor and pride,<br>May it continue to astound,<br>With its chewy crust and toppings wide.<br><br>So let the lines grow longer still,<br>The pizza applause never cease,<br>For in New Haven, they possess the skill,<br>To create a pizza masterpiece.