---
date: 2024-01-13
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/01/14/multimedia/10hamler_F-03-hvlw-print2/10hamler_F-03-hvlw-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/12/us/russell-hamler-dead.html
prettyDate: Saturday, January 13, 2024
---
Ode to Russell Hamler, Last of Merrill's Marauders<br><br>In the heart of the jungle, where danger did brew,<br>A group of brave soldiers, steadfast and true.<br>Their mission audacious, their spirits ablaze,<br>To seize the airfield, in a perilous haze.<br><br>Through mountains and jungles, they forged their own path,<br>Facing threats aplenty, enduring nature's wrath.<br>Fierce attacks by enemies, numbers vast and grand,<br>With courage they stood, united they'd withstand.<br><br>Monsoon rains poured, drenching their souls,<br>But they pressed on, with unwavering goals.<br>Tropical diseases lurked, lurking in the air,<br>Yet their spirit undying, they refused to despair.<br><br>Malnutrition gnawed, at their weary frames,<br>But their determination burned, like eternal flames.<br>Three months of hardship, they stood tall and strong,<br>Only a hundred and thirty, but their glory prolonged.<br><br>Merrill's Marauders, pioneers of the brave,<br>They paved the way for others, their legacy engraved.<br>And amidst this valor, a man named Russell Hamler,<br>Whose spirit, like a lion's, roared with fervor.<br><br>Through the passage of time, he stood as the last,<br>A symbol of courage, from a shadowy past.<br>In a veteran's hospital, his journey reached its end,<br>But his memory and sacrifice, forever we'll commend.<br><br>So here's to Russell Hamler, a hero we hail,<br>His story forever etched, in a timeless tale.<br>In the annals of history, his name shall remain,<br>Inspiring generations, his courage to sustain.