---
date: 2024-02-12
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/02/09/multimedia/09chagall1-jphw/09chagall1-jphw-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/12/arts/chagall-moma-return-over-vitebsk.html
prettyDate: Monday, February 12, 2024
---
In a quiet corner of the museum's halls,<br>Hung a Chagall painting, standing ten feet tall.<br>"Over Vitebsk," it boldly proclaimed,<br>A symbol of a homeland and its name.<br><br>For years it graced the MoMA's display,<br>A treasure held tight in the light of day.<br>A Jewish artist, his vision unveiled,<br>Capturing his hometown, their lives entwailed.<br><br>Yet, beneath its vibrant, colorful guise,<br>Lurked a darkness, unseen by many eyes.<br>Once owned by a gallery’s guiding hand,<br>In Germany it stayed, a Jewish-owned land.<br><br>Then came the Nazis, spreading their cruel reign,<br>The gallery succumbed to their wicked game.<br>The Chagall was transferred to German hands,<br>A murky past, shifting like shifting sands.<br><br>Yet, the MoMA held it, year after year,<br>Confident the painting had no need to fear.<br>But quietly, silently, they changed their tune,<br>And returned the artwork, beneath the moon.<br><br>No public announcement, no fanfare sound,<br>From the museum's walls, it was unbound.<br>Back to the heirs, of the German gallery,<br>An unexpected twist in art's history.<br><br>The restitution was not without its price,<br>A financial agreement had to suffice.<br>Four million dollars, exchanged in the deal,<br>To right the wrongs, the pain it would reveal.<br><br>And so, the Chagall left its sacred space,<br>To be sold by the heirs, with a different face.<br>Twenty-four million dollars it would gain,<br>But the echoes linger, like a haunting refrain.<br><br>A quirky tale of art's tumultuous past,<br>Leaving questions unanswered, shadows cast.<br>The MoMA's secret, now brought to the light,<br>A Chagall returned, after years in sight.