---
date: 2024-01-17
tags: days
image: https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2024/01/16/china3b_wide-5ad22a40ed8c518bb000332763bafa0acd75ca21-s1400-c100.jpg
url: https://www.npr.org/2024/01/17/1221849861/china-japan-immigration
prettyDate: Wednesday, January 17, 2024
---
In China's elite, there's a migration trend,<br>As lockdowns and restrictions caused a bend,<br>To Japan they flock, seeking a new life,<br>Escaping the struggles, the political strife.<br><br>Education and healthcare, the first concern,<br>In China's social classes, a gap they discern,<br>Emigration or international schools their choice,<br>For their children's future they raise their voice.<br><br>The safety of assets, another key reason,<br>Preserving wealth in a more stable season,<br>And for cultural and media fields, a desire,<br>For freedom of thought, to criticism aspire.<br><br>But caution must be taken, authorities apply,<br>Pressure on relatives, a way to comply,<br>A letter, a severance of ties, a clever ruse,<br>To keep the authorities distracted, confused.<br><br>Capital flight restrictions cause financial strain,<br>Underground banks and auctions, new avenues gain,<br>Japanese real estate, a sought-after prize,<br>Investing in Tokyo, where values rise.<br><br>Chinese immigrants, a diverse crowd,<br>Wealthy and middle-class, together they're endowed,<br>Relocating to Japan, a different choice they make,<br>Over English-speaking countries, they forsake.<br><br>Japan, historically, immigrants were few,<br>But as workforce ages, a change is due,<br>Laborers and professionals find their place,<br>Residency programs, a small embrace.<br><br>Challenges lie ahead, for both sides to blend,<br>Coexistence and adaptation, they must fend,<br>Risks of real estate and foreign agents' sway,<br>Japan must manage, navigate each day.<br><br>Cultural closeness and tradition they share,<br>A bookstore in Tokyo, where they gather, aware,<br>Of the cultural richness and historic ties,<br>Preserved in Japan, a beacon that cries.<br><br>A professor, a homecoming he finds,<br>In Kyoto's beauty, where his heart binds,<br>Graceful architecture of Tang and Song,<br>Their cultural lineage, where they belong.<br><br>So, China's elite migrate, seeking a new start,<br>In Japan, they find solace, a change of heart,<br>With shared traditions and a cultural embrace,<br>A new chapter begins, a different space.