---
date: 2024-01-15
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/01/15/multimedia/15China-Apple-qwmv/15China-Apple-qwmv-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/15/business/apple-china-iphone-discounts.html
prettyDate: Monday, January 15, 2024
---
In ancient lands far and wide,<br>A tale of discounts let us confide.<br>For Apple, the mighty tech brand,<br>Decided to change its well-known stand.<br><br>In China's vast and bustling domain,<br>Where loyal customers did wane,<br>Apple resolved to make a shift,<br>To lure back shoppers with a gift.<br><br>Discounts on iPhones, a rare sight to see,<br>A tempting offer, a great guarantee.<br>$70 less, a small respite,<br>For those who longed for a price more bright.<br><br>The MacBook Air, a laptop grand,<br>Also received a helping hand.<br>$112 deducted from its price,<br>A gesture to entice, enthrall, and entice.<br><br>But why this change, this sudden turn?<br>To discounts, Apple did reluctantly adjourn.<br>Chinese consumers, once so true,<br>Now drift towards a brand that's new.<br><br>Patriotic hearts, fierce and bold,<br>Choose domestic brands to hold.<br>For tensions rise between two giants,<br>As Beijing and Washington enter the clients.<br><br>Huawei, Apple's rival strong,<br>Both caught within this tangled throng.<br>Technological battles they fiercely fight,<br>As countries restrict their access, with might.<br><br>Suspicion grows with every day,<br>Where Huawei's ties some dare to say,<br>Could link closely with governments' might,<br>And fears of spying in the night.<br><br>American officials, ever on guard,<br>Halt purchases, devices barred.<br>Huawei's reach must be constrained,<br>To safeguard from risks that can't be feigned.<br><br>So Apple stumbles in this new land,<br>Seeking to grasp a wavering hand.<br>Discounts are their unlikely plea,<br>To win back hearts and loyalty.<br><br>Oh, Apple, with your sleek design,<br>Through challenges, you must align.<br>In China's vast and patriotic sphere,<br>May your discounts make your fortunes clear.<br><br>The battle rages, the stakes are high,<br>But Apple's spirit, it shall not die.<br>In this ever-changing technological race,<br>May they find a lasting, steadfast embrace.