---
date: 2024-01-21
tags: days
image: https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2024/01/20/2jd8r49-b9bf1b93cc892f967a9cda34880c7c5553adeec5.jpg
url: https://www.npr.org/2024/01/21/1225854892/sex-and-the-city-tutu-auction-sarah-jessica-parker
prettyDate: Sunday, January 21, 2024
---
In the glitz and glamour of TV fame,<br>A tutu caught the spotlight's flaming blaze.<br>The tutu donned by Sarah Jessica's frame,<br>A symbol of style, soaring far ablaze.<br><br>With layers of white tulle, floating light,<br>It danced along with strappy heels and grace,<br>As Carrie Bradshaw took center stage, bright,<br>In opening credits, a fashion chase.<br><br>Its fame then caught the public's eager eye,<br>Auctioned off with hopes of high acclaim,<br>Expected far from fortune's lofty sky,<br>Yet soared with awe-inspiring gold supreme.<br><br>Oh, tulle tutu, a darling in your time,<br>A bargain bin discovery, so dear,<br>Patricia Field's genius, truly prime,<br>To dress a fashion icon without peer.<br><br>For Carrie Bradshaw, trends you did set,<br>Manolo Blahnik pumps and baguettes so fine,<br>Your runway looks in Vogue's gloss have met,<br>And influenced fashion's illustrious line.<br><br>Valentino and Dior did follow suit,<br>With tulle frocks in their grand collections,<br>Jennifer Lawrence and Bella Hadid, cute,<br>Adorned in glamour, defying conventions.<br><br>Replicas and knock-offs, they abound,<br>From charity auctions to Halloween's fright,<br>Drag queens twirl, your beauty they have found,<br>In fleeting moments of dazzling delight.<br><br>In the movies and shows, you've made your mark,<br>From the silver screen to the TV screen,<br>Carrie kept you, a cherished work of art,<br>A symbol of her style, forever seen.<br><br>Black and billowy, a reinvented bliss,<br>A Carolina Herrera gown, a dream,<br>Oh, tutu, how you've brought us endless bliss,<br>In fashion's realm, a true, iconic theme.<br><br>So let us celebrate your enduring charm,<br>A tutu that holds memories divine,<br>Inspiring hearts, from runway to farm,<br>Forever in our fashion souls, you shine.