---
date: 2024-01-11
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/01/10/multimedia/10evening-christie-SUB-whlb/10evening-christie-SUB-whlb-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/10/briefing/chris-christie-drops-out-ecuador-violence.html
prettyDate: Thursday, January 11, 2024
---
Oh, Chris Christie, bid farewell to the race,<br>Your presidential dreams have reached their grace.<br>No longer shall we hear your booming voice,<br>No longer shall we see you make your choice.<br><br>Roasted honey nut squash and chickpeas with hot honey,<br>A dish so sweet, fiery, and meatless, it's funny.<br>But Chris Christie, he's not one for this fare,<br>For politics is his game, and he's got flair.<br><br>"American Fiction" earns a SAG Award nomination,<br>A film in theaters, causing great sensation.<br>But Christie's story, it's no work of fiction,<br>As he steps away from his political mission.<br><br>Yaroslav Trofimov's book tells tales of war,<br>His experiences as a journalist, what he saw.<br>But Christie's battles, they were fought on the stage,<br>With opponents and critics, engaging in verbal rage.<br><br>De-stress, confront fears, seek new perspectives,<br>A guide to self-improvement, no therapist directive.<br>But for Christie, the stress was on the campaign trail,<br>Facing challenges and obstacles, he did prevail.<br><br>At-home Covid test kits, make the most of them,<br>Keeping ourselves safe, from virus to stem.<br>But for Christie, the test was for the people's trust,<br>And in the end, his bid crumbled to dust.<br><br>$1.3 million homes in Florida, Georgia, Delaware,<br>Luxurious dwellings, beyond compare.<br>But for Christie, his home was on the political stage,<br>Where he aimed for power, to make a lasting gauge.<br><br>Wirecutter's favorite umbrella, tested and true,<br>Keeping us dry when the sky turns blue.<br>But for Christie, there's no shade from the spotlight's glare,<br>Once a contender, now out of the political affair.<br><br>Spelling Bee, Wordle, and Mini Crossword to play,<br>Games to de-stress and brighten your day.<br>But for Christie, the game is over, his bid is done,<br>Leaving the stage, his political career run.<br><br>Farewell, Chris Christie, to you we bid adieu,<br>In the race for president, you gave it your cue.<br>Though the outcome wasn't what you desired,<br>Your courage and determination will always be admired.