---
date: 2024-01-26
tags: days
image: https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2024/01/25/20231221_tampa_mindfness_22_wide-6a82cc934f47f042ef9f516d1dcce3d311b8b8e1-s1400-c100.jpg
url: https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2024/01/26/1227056527/to-help-these-school-kids-deal-with-trauma-mindfulness-lessons-over-the-loudspea
prettyDate: Friday, January 26, 2024
---
In Tampa Bay at Sullivan School,<br>Where stress can take a heavy toll,<br>They've found a new way<br>To brighten their day,<br>Mindfulness lessons take their role.<br><br>With homeless kids, stress is severe,<br>But mindfulness helps make things clear.<br>A moment to breathe,<br>To find inner peace,<br>And let go of all that they fear.<br><br>In the morning, loud and clear,<br>Over the speakers, mindfulness appears.<br>With eyes closed they sit,<br>Absorbing each bit,<br>Learning forgiveness, free from tears.<br><br>For eight minutes, they sit so still,<br>Discovering skills that can heal.<br>They let go of the pain,<br>A sense of peace they gain,<br>Making wise choices, their hearts fill.<br><br>Sullivan School has seen a shift,<br>With mindfulness, spirits uplift.<br>From failing to thriving,<br>Their grades now arriving,<br>A transformation so swift.<br><br>There's no perfect way to teach,<br>But Inner Explorer is within reach.<br>With prerecorded sessions,<br>And mindful intentions,<br>A simple practice for all to preach.<br><br>Mindfulness, a gift to share,<br>To improve mental well-being with care.<br>In schools across the nation,<br>A mindful sensation,<br>Giving students a chance to repair.<br><br>Digital apps bring mindfulness wide,<br>Accessible to all, far and wide.<br>Headspace and Calm,<br>Bring peace like a balm,<br>Research shows their potential beside.<br><br>In Sullivan School, Avery knows,<br>Mindfulness helps when stress grows.<br>With strategies in hand,<br>Like the "shark fin" grand,<br>He copes and lets his feelings decompose.<br><br>In Sullivan School, positivity flows,<br>From hugging to high-fiving, it shows.<br>Through mindfulness practice,<br>A compassionate axis,<br>These kids' empathy only grows.<br><br>Though proof will come in time,<br>With lasting impacts yet to align,<br>Here in Sullivan School,<br>Mindfulness is the rule,<br>Working wonders, a truth so sublime.