---
date: 2024-02-14
tags: days
image: https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2024/02/13/ap23323639771611-1--77ff86e6f46b3a09d0d01fa7ff6b6b9f892ca0ff.jpg
url: https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2024/02/14/1231249566/cdc-may-be-reconsidering-covid-isolation-guidance
prettyDate: Wednesday, February 14, 2024
---
Oh, CDC, what shall you decree?<br>A change may come for all to see.<br>Isolation guidance, soon to be reconsidered,<br>For those with COVID, a shift that's bitter.<br><br>No longer will days confined be required,<br>Instead, symptoms will be desired.<br>Fever-free and mild affliction,<br>Considered safe for school, for work, for fiction.<br><br>But let us not be mistaken,<br>COVID-19 remains unshaken.<br>Contagious still, we must remember,<br>To protect one another, like glowing embers.<br><br>Yet, the impact of this virus severe,<br>Not as dire as yesteryear.<br>Hospitals, not overwhelmed this season,<br>A glimpse of hope amid the reason.<br><br>Isolation, a tiresome feat,<br>For many, it's a challenge to meet.<br>Jobs, household size, and how they reside,<br>Constraining factors they cannot hide.<br><br>Testing, expensive and hard to find,<br>Leaving many ignorant, unknowing, behind.<br>But guidance, it must persist,<br>To safeguard lives, not to be dismissed.<br><br>CDC's role, to lead and advise,<br>To disseminate truth from all the lies.<br>Seat belts of health, disregarded we must not,<br>Evidence-based information cannot be forgot.<br><br>Workplaces impacted by this change,<br>Forcing the sick to rearrange.<br>COVID may spread, vulnerable at risk,<br>Increasing cases, causing a disc.<br><br>Flu and COVID, treated the same,<br>Yet, is this the right aim?<br>Respiratory pathogens, risks still remain,<br>The need for caution, not to entertain.<br><br>Rest and isolation, a vital notion,<br>Not just for COVID, but all infections in motion.<br>No more ignoring the immunocompromised,<br>The young and old, their protection surmised.<br><br>So, CDC, in your decision take heed,<br>Consider the consequences, we plead.<br>For in this dance with COVID, we must not falter,<br>Protecting lives, our duty, never to alter.