---
date: 2024-01-31
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/01/31/multimedia/31META-SAFETY-sub-cphv/31META-SAFETY-sub-cphv-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/31/technology/meta-childrens-safety-documents.html
prettyDate: Wednesday, January 31, 2024
---
In Meta's realm, where safety's aught but rare,<br>The cries for help were met with cool disdain.<br>Efforts to safeguard children led to naught,<br>As documents reveal their futile gain.<br><br>Before the courts, where Zuckerberg stood to speak,<br>The emails were unleashed for all to see.<br>A glimpse into the inner gears of Meta,<br>A world where child's safety wasn't key.<br><br>Debates and discussions filled their fall days,<br>As calls for action echoed through the air.<br>But Meta turned a blind eye to the pleas,<br>With resources, they simply wouldn't share.<br><br>Proposed were forty-five new dedicated souls,<br>A mere one percent of their grand workforce.<br>But Zuckerberg declined, a fateful choice,<br>Leaving children's safety on a different course.<br><br>The documents now exposed, a shock to all,<br>In lawsuits and in hearings, they're laid bare.<br>Contradictions to the executives' claims,<br>Their promises of protection now threadbare.<br><br>With rising complaints of toxicity online,<br>Meta's lack of action now takes the stage.<br>Within the halls of Congress, Zuckerberg,<br>In hot seat, defends their negligence's page.<br><br>So as the world awaits the leader's words,<br>Will he acknowledge errors, make amends?<br>Or will he dance around the issue raised,<br>Unwilling to admit where harm descends?<br><br>In this dark tale of Meta's rejection,<br>A glaring truth emerges from the fray.<br>That profit and growth come before safety,<br>In children's lives, a heavy price to pay.