---
date: 2024-01-28
tags: days
image: https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2024/01/27/ap24024624636653_wide-59fe51666fb7ca1176817c499a182e5e678c1fe9-s1400-c100.jpg
url: https://www.npr.org/2024/01/28/1227423210/nfl-football-chiefs-ravens-49ers-lions-super-bowl
prettyDate: Sunday, January 28, 2024
---
In the realm of football, where heroes compete,<br>Two games will decide who will reach the peak.<br>The Super Bowl awaits, a glorious sight,<br>As teams battle on, with all their might.<br><br>First, the Ravens and Chiefs will face each other,<br>A clash of titans, brother against brother.<br>The defending champions with experience vast,<br>Against the Ravens, their defense unsurpassed.<br>Patrick Mahomes, the star of the Chiefs' show,<br>With interceptions aplenty, he must go with the flow.<br>But his passes, oft dropped by his receivers in vain,<br>A challenge awaits them, an uphill lane.<br><br>Lamar Jackson, the shining star of the Ravens,<br>An MVP with a spirit that never cravens.<br>He's on his way to another trophy, it seems,<br>But a Super Bowl has only visited other dreams.<br>The game begins at three, Eastern Time,<br>Where destiny awaits, in this battle prime.<br><br>Next, the 49ers and Lions will engage,<br>With hopes of reaching the Super Bowl stage.<br>The 49ers, the top seed, favored to win,<br>Against the Lions, who eagerly set their sights within.<br>Detroit's first conference championship since '91,<br>A chance to leave their mark, to rise like the sun.<br>Jared Goff, the Lions' quarterback in command,<br>Staying calm under pressure, leading his team's band.<br>But turnovers have haunted him in the past,<br>Will he rise above, or will his glory not last?<br><br>Brock Purdy of the Niners has a tale to tell,<br>From "Mr. Irrelevant" to playing oh so well.<br>In only his second season, he leads the way,<br>Carrying his team, where the dream may lay.<br>The game commences at half-past six,<br>Where legends are born, and heroes are fixed.<br><br>On a Sunday in February, the Super Bowl will land,<br>With a kickoff time that millions understand.<br>Allegiant Stadium, the host for the fray,<br>Where greatness will bloom on that eventful day.<br>The Las Vegas Raiders' home, oh what a sight,<br>The stage for the champions, basking in the light.<br>So grab a seat, prepare for the thrill,<br>As the football gods dictate their will.<br><br>In this battle for glory, each team stands tall,<br>With dreams of victory, of conquering all.<br>The game will be fierce, emotions running high,<br>As the champions emerge, reaching for the sky.<br>Who will prevail, who will claim the crown?<br>In this NFL tale, the outcome's yet to be known.<br>But one thing is certain, as the games ignite,<br>Football's spirit will shine, a beacon of might.