---
date: 2024-01-25
tags: days
image: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/01/25/multimedia/25nat-alabama-execution-hbwg/25nat-alabama-execution-hbwg-facebookJumbo.jpg
url: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/25/us/alabama-nitrogen-execution-kenneth-smith.html
prettyDate: Thursday, January 25, 2024
---
Nitrogen's Dance<br><br>Alabama, oh land of tales,<br>Where life and death incite the scales.<br>A pioneer, they now proclaim,<br>For executing with nitrogen's name.<br><br>Kenneth Smith, the man in wait,<br>Faced with his ultimate fate.<br>Convicted of a heinous crime,<br>His time has come, the march of time.<br><br>Masked head laid upon a gurney,<br>A dance begins, peculiar journey.<br>Nitrogen, a gas so pure,<br>Unleashing its lethal allure.<br><br>Oxygen fades, darkness grows,<br>As nitrogen's flow ominously flows.<br>With each gasp, life's grip released,<br>The prisoner's soul, forever ceased.<br><br>Death penalty opponents cry,<br>Unproven method, they decry.<br>But courts have ruled, time and again,<br>To let this dance of death begin.<br><br>Tonight, Alabama takes a chance,<br>In executing through nitrogen's dance.<br>A headline in the annals of history,<br>Marking a shift in death's dark mystery.<br><br>And so, the gas will softly fall,<br>Watching as the curtain will call.<br>A single breath, a final sigh,<br>As nitrogen claims its soulful prize.<br><br>Alas, a second attempt to kill,<br>A lethal injection's bitter pill.<br>A vein elusive, time expired,<br>But nitrogen waits, again desired.<br><br>In Alabama, a solemn night,<br>Eying the clock, no turning back in sight.<br>For history is made with each life lost,<br>At any cost, the price is the cost.<br><br>Alabama's dance with nitrogen's might,<br>A new frontier in the dead of night.<br>For better or worse, time will tell,<br>If this tale ends in heaven or hell.